and I'm going to invite the camera
trunk and you shut up the little box
I simply as president of this
camera a great caesar l next
question is next Saturday, the 15th
june eggs
I also the souls with my flower and
I sing with my heart in goddess obstructed
as much as the Falls of Niagara and
What if it is when you snack and if you
comes to the face with pure freshness to
this hard race here in chihuahua
well
you have to leave a style here you go
leaving any activity and three if
you want to convert and take off then the
shyness as you do in your bedroom that
I'm going to make the judge is not going to win with
only do to micro my climate or the
cigarette charge to your camera 3 se
I will try to be a kid 100
procedures we operate the rafaeles
the limits will come
was back in the 70s that started this
movement
I was demonstrating talent for dj
premier put us the bases like
feel a life those compasses and fly
on the floor the pavement is one to think
is to be of the graffiti movement of the
chota only scream fuck trying
be legend as a vile as for 7
football from the heart 7 grave speaks of
your heart I lost live urban culture
where what for me with impacts of
bullet directed from a bullet
to compare that among my other friends
that is heaven I protect myself free from what
that I write mouthfuls of vowels of
seek security are pleasure vowels
to live among my few rhymes
they understand madness in the colossus part
I live trained
this is love this is hip hop do not stop
you have love for this shows what I come
to destroy ncis with tentacles of crack
in rabat a king track style method
man fake robert I teach sorcery
against us and since they tell me of
as he has brought nothing new but the
oxen keep pulling and I getting ready
something with the simians the style look
wayne compression of Goya must is not
they have culture is smith
Jewish president with the style of
malcolm x my son said it already honey or if
We are not the tiger and shouts where it gives serpe
That's your mystery flow. I'm something like
avoid or classic like chris wallace
wakim or dj premier is the drunk like
talc liquide generated as the cane
joke intervín pas and rondando concurrir
insta paradise do not get me that
outside in the rack you do not have wood
You dedicate something else, you are like
jordan when trying to play baseball I give
classes of gateway that from want that
Take note that here what you will learn
is to keep quiet when you feel your
defeat
and still I can keep giving you more
school pitch before rapping was serious
because I can still talk to you
of graffiti
it is said that it has an affinity all very
Of course the plan is to demonstrate in pure
essence of football is worth mentioning that no
there is more weighty knowledge
empiricism of this to experiment in
own flesh and leave unharmed
but that of buying clothes like all his
troop and did not try to pretend your date
of hip-hop the local do not prostitute themselves in
Batallitas meaningless and dominate groups
that are more pointed than your poor style
of houses with your ego my duty is
annihilate it and leave you widow been and
hamilton in the gp passion in the boom to
live the finger for you be live there is a
pestilent aroma in the environment
death round arrives without delay di my
tutelage chamaquitos like you and I saw each
step today I know that I will remain your voice
they divide rocafel and more than ten children
quite
joe to the centuries they worry that this
bouquet in its never is because nothing ever
enough is the slogan of the crack
my throat when both mike and half
Prof
pachuca rafter and more than money
is for taking rap from the chest rhyme tutti
playing this coral cut on the
structure
and if we raise our hand it means
that this is well done the children are going to
make a great concert
I want you to feel the movement and we
let's stop so much comparison and fight
sticks without passion
leave this story of speck with alcohol
and know that I avoid myself and I
I recycle cheap types with styles of
cardboard and we do not go with his circus because
people because sheer shit fights for two
children
as in your hands up but in the
I think this is an assault that opel and
take care of your neck and it's going to be
reproduced if you lack calcium is
that the ugly pinche with theft
you take cockroach in selection and
kicking off the court for a kiss from me
skinny would give what was third strike
it requires talent it's pure you squad it
quantifies and from the sky children with
skirts make up those of whore search
respect begins with your head it
they make pieces with the water on the stage
league of wish or you know what we are not
titanic grand incognito
in the tent of your circus I say if they say
do well they want to overrate already a
part of the cake wants to be is calm and
mind cut the face they claim to be the
the best in front of me are nothing I the 1
how it came in orlando magic johnson
it sounds but outside center
I grew up as an onomatopoeia
cinematographic is impossible to believe
as guerrilla children of 12 years
getting drunk with brown brown in the
plots of his life
there are no replies his plea stayed
100% astonished listen to the theorems of
patients of pitágoras your fan club
melts from the fire that we penises
for asthma but if I can be squared
make you feel cold as in aspen
this line your fucking pure and the most
probable is that the nose scrapes
for having some nappa so it's super
rappers then tell me who am I if
I have two dozen of those shits
in their wake are elegant ways as if
nothing brings as nothing
we drink and drink without alcohol never
just lights the bar and harvard and yale and
long mornings
and we are missing markers cans or tools
I'm heating the engines, you're leaving
backwards if boston is my clan and apes
then you have the ones that never fall
never to shut up those who will never fall
the souls beyond my band go to the
villa lucas way from those all the
back see you on Saturday
what sure
well we leave it to the rival